In the last lecture we send this data to our server.
We implemented this save button here this safe service button and there we basically fire a method in
our service service which generates this observable fluoresce which holds this pre-configured request
and then we send the request by subscribing to that absorbable.
Now of course in your application with your back background there might be the need to send some specific
headers with this request he or I didn't configure any special headers because the default ones are
all I need.
But if you want to send your own headers you can easily do this by generating them with the headers
object angler office you use simply created by eg calling new headers and importing headers from Angle
or HTP and tourist constructor here.
You can pass a javascript object where the key value pairs are the key value pairs of your headers.
For example you could set Content-Type as a string of course because you do have a dash in between which
would be an invalid character without the quotation marks in javascript and could set this to application.
Jason.
Now this is not necessary because it is the default anyways but you can explicitly set it like this
and of course set any other headers too.
And then you can pass those headers by adding a third argument to his post request and actually by adding
this as argument to any of the ABA requests we will have a look at the get request later too.
And there you add a javascript object asty options argument and one of the options are the headers.
So the key here is headers and you will sign your headers object.
I'm just going to split this over multiple lines so that it's easier to read headers referring to our
Hatteras constant here and with that we're sending our own headers.
Again something we do not necessarily need here but what you might need in your setup with your backend
so if we save this and then we simply open up our application again and hit save.
Well what you're going to see is that in the network tag of tab a few inspect your post request year
and the headers you'll see the content type is set to application.
Jason Jason.
Again not necessary but you could send Abre headers too.
This is how you can set headers.
Now with this.
Let's take a closer look at how we can get our data back from the server